What exactly...
is going on right now?
Well...
It just looks like...
two people who were into each other
ended up spending the night together...
But I can't explain why he's here with us.
Oh, I stepped outside for a little fresh air.
Oh, yeah!
In front of that cafe.
We were talking about hitting up
another spot there... weren't we?
What is this, a mystery game?
Trying to patch up a bunch of blank spots
isn't going to get you anywhere.
Watch it.
Tae Seop. One, two. One, two.
We're almost there.
Hold on.
God, this is driving me crazy.
Maybe I should just ditch him.
Please don't go without me.
It's not like he's some clingy little dog...
One, two, three!
Hey, Lee Ui Yeong.
Oh, Shin Ji Su.
What are you doing here?
Aren't you supposed to be at the cafe?
Wait, I have no idea.
I forgot something back at the hotel.
Hey, how come you're passed out
on her shoulder?
- Hey!
- I'm taking him to the hotel.
Wait, you two are going to a hotel like this?
- Let's go.
- What?
Come on, unless you'd rather
sleep out here on the street.
- Give me a sec.
- Jeez.
Let's go.
Water...
Can I get some water, please?
Oh, come on.
Here.
- That's cold.
- Oh, seriously.
This guy just keeps surprising me.
It's cold.
Ui Yeong, let's go.
You asleep?
These two together...
No.
It hurts.
She turns into a whole different person
when she drinks.
There's no way I'm leaving
the two of them by themselves.
[Episode 6]
I'm sorry.
You couldn't even go home because of me.
No, it's fine. I'm okay.
Fine, my ass.
Who just walks into a hotel
with some random guy...
If I hadn't shown up, then what?
Hey, I know I owe you one,
but even if I'm a total lightweight,
it doesn't make me some kind of creep.
You can't even tell how much you drink,
so how can you judge how you act?
What is this, summer camp?
Summer camp?
That's enough.
Quit giving him a hard time.
If nothing went wrong, then just drop it.
Alright,
I'd better head out
before the morning shift gets here.
Why don't you clean up first?
I mean, you guys spent
the whole night in the same room.
Hey!
The employee showers
are actually pretty decent.
Alright.
Better get out of here
before it gets complicated.
Sure.
Wait.
Oh, I almost forgot.
Thank you.
I'm really embarrassed about all this.
Could I buy you dinner this weekend
to make it up to you?
Anything you want, it's on me.
Sounds good.
Would Saturday work for you?
Sure, a meal sounds nice.
And if you want to thank me,
skip the words and just feed me.
Your debt to me just keeps piling up.
I'll treat you. That's what I just said.
- I'll send you the details by text.
- Got it.
- Have a good day at work.
- Yeah.
I'm off.
Alright.
I can't believe this, I really can't.
What if somebody caught that?
Seriously.
Wait a minute.
Isn't it suspiciously peaceful?
She didn't cause me any trouble
for her entire twenties.
She's really testing me now.
I've burned through all my energy
and it's barely morning.
Maybe I need some coffee.
What's this?
[A little pick-me-up just for you, Hyun Min]
Always so sweet, Jung Hyun Min.
Lee Ui Yeong.
Where are you?
Letting me know ahead of time
if you're staying out
is common courtesy as a roommate, right?
No reply by 9 and I'm reporting you missing.
The project launched
and we went out to celebrate,
but it went on forever
so I crashed in the rest area.
I'm sorry.
You're using my towel.
So
you spent the whole night keeping tabs on us?
Doesn't that seem like it crossed
a line for someone just being nice?
The one who went too far is you,
passing out drunk on a woman.
What kind of guy gets knocked out that easily?
Stop trying to dodge the point.
I don't like how you keep circling
around Ui Yeong.
It looks like you're just waiting
for your chance, pretending to care.
Circling around?
Someone as hopeless as you
wouldn't recognize an opening
if it hit you in the face.
Hopeless?
Wait, this isn't what you think.
There's a reason for all this.
I saw nothing.
I don't need the details of your personal life.
I really need to clear this up.
Manager. Wait, please.
This is all a big mix-up.
Oh, for crying out loud.
Nothing stays private in this hotel.
The employees who spotted them are saying
it wasn't just one man, it was actually two.
That kind of lets me down, if I'm being real.
How come?
Dating more than one person at once
has nothing to do with love.
Who says you can't enjoy yourself
and be in love at the same time?
Think about it, Sae Byeok.
People these days are so judgmental
and closed off.
It's all black and white.
If it's not love, it's wrong.
So everyone ends up doing things
behind closed doors,
then they get exposed
and it all blows up in their face, right?
Ui Yeong.
When did you get here?
Just now. I just got here.
Look, though...
Isn't that going a little too far?
You don't buy into those gossip rags, do you?
Sorry?
Gossip about what?
Despite being in her 50s,
Ms. S remains unchallenged
as the reigning Queen of Romance.
Once said to be married to her craft,
it turns out she's been wrapped up
in actual romance lately.
Sources claim she's living
with surgeon A,
a former affair turned domestic partner,
while also seeing director B secretly
at a high-end hotel,
and financially supporting model C
on top of all that.
Given her extensive list of romantic interests,
this story is only going to get bigger.
The Queen of Romance...
That has to be actress Son Jeong A, right?
They might as well have just said her name.
I heard she booked a room
at our hotel not long ago.
Are you serious?
That makes our hotel
the secret meeting spot.
Hey,
Director Jin said
he won't be at today's meeting.
He just got married and doesn't want
people getting the wrong idea.
So it's only for today?
Or is he cutting me from the movie altogether?
The thing is...
What a wimp.
Tell him to forget it.
Let's just eat and head back.
Take a seat.
Okay.
Excuse me,
I'm Kim Min Seong from Star E.
Any reason you've stayed silent
on the tabloid story?
Speaking too soon would only make things worse.
A statement's coming shortly.
However, Mr. Kim,
this is a private setting, so following me here
isn't appropriate.
What? I can't believe you people!
Dong Hoon!
Call 119, please.
Here we have a single larva.
In its quest to reach maturity,
if you trace the molted layers it left behind,
following one last shedding,
it has burrowed into its duvet chrysalis
and achieved complete pupal form.
Stop messing around.
The chrysalis is at last
undergoing transformation.
Seriously though,
will I ever feel normal again?
I think my entire body just shut down.
Come on, get up already.
It's not just your first hangover.
It's your first time recovering from one, too.
I wouldn't have a word to say
if she never talked to me again.
This is insane.
I barely had a chance
to make a good impression,
and I just had to go drink
more than I could take.
What's done is done, dude.
Ui Yeong was wasted too, wasn't she?
She's most likely
freaking out just as much. Relax.
What a waste, hey.
Why aren't
you eating any of these dishes
your mom put together for you?
You've got plans with Ui Yeong
this Saturday, don't you?
That's great.
Replace the old flame with a fresh face,
wash down the hangover with a bowl of broth,
and bury those ugly memories
under brand new ones.
Gosh,
this really hits the spot.
So what's the plan?
Well...
I'm thinking a nice dinner with her,
and we'll catch a movie we haven't seen.
So everything's already figured out?
Not even close. I'm only getting started.
I have to make that whole drunk disaster
completely disappear from her memory.
I'm not leaving
until Son Jeong A shows her face today.
Can you see?
Man, the press is swarming out here.
This is a mess.
So much for going home.
[Son Jeong A's mystery lovers, A, B, C]
For those kinds of prices,
they could keep things private.
There's just way too many famous people
in that building.
Given how crazy everything is right now,
riding around with you in my car
isn't really an option,
so lay low here for the time being.
Lately, the strategy is
to lock in your concept,
put together all your evidence,
and hit them with
a single well-planned feature piece
that says it all.
Yeah.
Sure beats chasing
after every low-quality hit piece
that comes out.
It's not like I'm some
twenty- or thirty-something.
I've got nothing left to lose.
Look into journalists who can
tell my side properly.
Covering up a love scandal
by telling an even greater love story.
Brilliant, truly brilliant.
Pardon me,
the press has zero access
to this area, correct?
Please don't worry.
Well then,
I was wondering...
are you familiar with what we call GRO?
No.
What's that?
In a nutshell,
it's like having a dedicated assistant
for everything during your visit.
While you're with us,
we could pair you
with a staff member who handles
your schedule and shopping needs.
That sounds great!
Make sure she's a woman with good taste.
Of course, let me find someone.
I'll take my leave.
- Gosh.
- It will work out this time.
Have you read that piece yet?
[Final candidate for HKUH Director]
All day long, every corner I turned,
people were talking about you.
And look who decided to show up in person.
Somehow you landed in a tabloid
rather than a research publication.
Oh, is that so?
Honestly, even just being vice director
already seemed too generous,
but everyone kept pressuring me
to go for director
because of what it would mean
for the hospital's image,
and they just wouldn't let up...
Now it makes sense
why everyone was acting strange,
so this is what's behind it.
But
rumors really do make
for good entertainment, don't they?
A man of your schedule,
showing up for a little gossip...
Standing in the corridor
gushing like schoolchildren.
Judging by how thrilled you look,
it must be quite the topic.
I've got a surgery to get to, so excuse me.
Doors are closing.
[Son Jeong A]
So, did everything go smoothly at check-in?
That story caught my eye.
Right, about that...
Being with someone of your stature,
I always knew it wouldn't be simple.
Should I come to the hotel this weekend?
Hey, Mom!
No dinner yet, right?
What is all this?
Surprise!
It looks so good.
Pretty impressive cooking skills, right?
Grown-up or not,
at least sleep under your own roof.
One more time
and every single lock code is getting reset.
You're contradicting yourself, you know that?
When you miss me, just be sweet about it.
There's a mountain of recycling
and the balcony reeks.
Nobody touched the washing machine,
so no clean towels left.
Plus, zero eggs in the fridge.
Oh, so this is all about housework.
Look, I already tossed the trash
and scrubbed every floor.
Lay off the booze.
Back in the day, you always stumbled home
no matter how drunk you were.
Right? That does sound like me.
My internal GPS is solid,
so how did that happen...
You can't leave.
What's wrong? That's creepy.
What?
- Huh?
- What?
What?
No!
Someone's busy piecing the night back together.
The aroma is already amazing.
- Nice, right?
- Yes.
- Thank you.
- Sure.
What I'm getting at is...
It'd be great if you could handle
the GRO role for actress Son Jeong A.
Doesn't that kind of thing
normally fall under the concierge department?
There's no set playbook for GRO at our hotel.
Figure out your own way
to connect with the guest
and deliver the best experience possible.
Am I really the right person for this?
Remember that thing I tell you all the time?
Great hospitality isn't born
out of expertise.
It comes from sincerity.
I know you've got this.
Shopping is a big chunk of it, sure,
but, beyond that...
everyone's been really harsh on her lately,
and you're a fan of Son Jeong A.
In moments like these, a friendly face nearby
could really make a difference.
Here's your shot at being the ultimate fan.
Understood.
Good.
The essentials are covered on my end,
but do some digging to see
if there's anything else she wants
- and get it prepared.
- Will do.
For anything you're unsure about,
this is the business card
for Son Jeong A's manager.
Give him a call.
That said,
keep it professional.
Right, absolutely.
Sure.
["Queen of Romance for 20 years now,"
every moment feels like the final one]
[Never misses a chance to read while traveling]
[Marguerite Duras]
[The Lover]
[Wine and chocolate]
[Vinyl Bill Evans jazz records]
["Nothing Without Love?"
Backlash over Son Jeong A's acceptance speech]
Acting and loving are the two moments
where I feel truly alive,
and not once have I felt embarrassed by it.
Without love, I'm practically lifeless,
so all that passion is something
I plan to channel
into my craft for years to come.
Thank you.
[48th Seoul Film Awards]
[Best Actress, Son Jeong A]
Congratulations.
Now I get why people made such a fuss.
Oh, you scared me.
When did you all show up?
So caring about her juniors
doesn't qualify as love?
Careful you don't flip from fangirl to hater.
Word on the street is
she exclusively talks to guys.
- What?
No way...
Shouldn't you all be working?
Talking about celebrities
is entertaining, right?
Highlight of my entire day, honestly.
Off to do my actual job now.
Actually, there's something I need to bring up.
Apparently one of the pop-up shelves
is rattling,
want me to reach out to HOME
about getting it repaired?
- Yeah, please do.
- Sure.
I heard the soup uses seasonal ingredients.
Oh, green peas?
Got it.
Party of two on the 2nd, 5:30 p.m.
Somewhere peaceful where we can talk, please.
Yes, thank you.
Looks like a 46% rain forecast
for the afternoon.
Might as well pack an umbrella to be safe.
[2nd, 5:30 p.m., party of two, peas, umbrella]
Scroll up a little.
What is he up to?
Beats me, did he take on something new?
Let's just say this might be the biggest
undertaking of his life.
By the way, pack up some tools
and make a trip to the hotel.
One of the display units over there seems off.
Do a full inspection of everything
while you're at it.
Let me...
- I'll go.
- Seriously, you?
We'd be super grateful
if you're actually going yourself.
Sure.
Safe travels.
So we're off the hook?
Ui Yeong.
Oh, Tae Seop.
- Did you make the trip in person?
- Yeah.
Everything good with you?
Yeah.
Actress Son Jeong A,
you know who she is, right?
Of course.
They put me in charge of her hotel experience,
something like that.
Oh, really? She's your favorite, isn't she?
Right, which is exactly
why my nerves are a wreck.
All day I've been digging through every article
and scrolling through her posts
like it's homework.
Her socials.
Do you have one too?
Yeah.
Where do I even tap?
It feels like I'm peeking
into Ui Yeong's drawer.
Oh, she likes food.
Gosh, look at you.
You're absolutely glued
to someone else's profile.
Her job is mostly
sourcing ingredients for the hotel,
so there's a good chance she's already tried
just about every decent spot in Seoul.
An ordinary place isn't going to impress her.
Maybe I need to change the reservation.
Put the phone away
and pay attention to this for a sec.
- It won't stop scraping against the ground.
- Sure.
Could you step aside, please?
Step aside?
Wasn't this some pricey piece
of marble shipped in from Italy?
Exactly. Hold it right here like this.
- Like this?
- Yeah.
Perfect, that does it.
Can't contain yourself
thinking about the date with her?
A first date is a once-in-a-lifetime thing.
Planning everything out has me all giddy.
[Pleased to have you, enjoy a relaxing time]
Looks like it's all set.
Well...
Except for one last piece.
My name's Lee Ui Yeong,
and I'll be looking after you
for the length of your visit.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Son Jeong A.
Take a look around, and just say the word
if something's missing.
Wait, I'm in the middle of this exact book.
[Love]
It's one of your favorite authors, right?
I got it because the new edition just came out,
but it looks like I was a step behind.
I bought it the day it dropped.
Most hotels go with real flowers,
so this picture frame was intentional?
Since you're allergic to pollen.
["Nothing Without Love?"
Backlash over Son Jeong A's acceptance speech]
[Allergic to pollen?]
Nobody's heard me bring it up
since I hate sounding high-maintenance,
but you figured it out on your own.
So then,
what's your take on all the gossip?
Think any of it's true?
Well, I...
Between A, B, and C,
which one feels like true love?
From where I stand,
my priority is making certain
that you get all the rest
and comfort you deserve
while you're our guest.
The general manager
picked a truly sharp one for me.
I'm counting on you.
Thank you.
Also, one more thing.
Two coffees a day is non-negotiable for me.
The coffee they serve here is
way too harsh for my taste, though,
so could you get me beans with some acidity?
A medium roast should do the trick.
Also, some extra sets of sleepwear
would be great,
plus an additional humidifier.
Sure, I'll take care of it.
[Light-medium roast with a hint of acidity]
Drip bags, bright acidity, okay.
Need to hurry before they close up.
Last call, we're about to shut down.
Hey.
Bro.
Since when does a scrappy theater director
drink whiskey?
Did you come here for a reason?
Busted.
That performance on Saturday, you know the one.
Yeah.
I heard you're putting on a show
for the Seungbo Group staff,
your theater sponsor.
Get on that stage for me.
Se Hyun
went back home because her mom's sick.
What's wrong with her?
Yeah, it's pretty serious.
Then I'll see you at rehearsal tomorrow.
Leaving already?
Yeah.
This drink isn't going down right.
Alright, get home safe.
We're officially shutting down...
Any chance I could grab some drip bags?
The kind with a fruity tang.
Yeah, come on in.
Have you been stuck at the office all day?
Yeah, things really piled up.
Feeling snacky at all?
Mom, I worked late
and I'm grabbing a bite before I come home.
Here.
I'm not drinking for a while.
How come?
There's work in the morning,
plus mom's been keeping
an eye on me these days.
Are we even allowed to snack like this in here?
Totally fine.
How about some tunes?
Sounds perfect.
It pays to know someone at a cafe.
[A Season Called You]
Hey.
I'm knocking one meal off my tab with this.
Only two more to go.
You're really keeping count. So petty.
Compared to everything I've done,
this barely registers.
For someone saying that,
you sure seem to be enjoying it.
You've got some sauce there.
Plus,
it's not like anyone forced you to jump in.
Volunteering first
and then billing me in food is pretty low.
Well, that's...
Fair point.
You've got some on you, too.
Minding my own business is kind of my thing,
yet somehow your stuff always pulls me in.
See?
Hey.
Talk like that in front of other people
and they'll read into it.
Seriously, your concept
of personal space is wild.
Call it a misunderstanding if you want,
but maybe some of it isn't so far off.
What?
It seems like you keep treating me
like just anybody,
but whether I was
a last-minute stand-in or not,
the two of us did go on that date.
Things have been building between us.
Every moment with you has been a good time,
or am I the only one who feels that way?
What?
Don't overthink it.
All I'm saying is...
my days have been way more interesting
since you came around.
Just keep eating.
Take your time digesting that.
Oh, man.
How are you getting home?
I called a cab.
It'll be here soon.
I've got to head to rehearsal too.
- Go home safe.
- Yeah.
Let's grab a meal again later.
Sure, take care.
Bye.
What was that, all of a sudden?
Since when is "I enjoy your company"
not the same as "I have feelings for you"?
[Song Tae Seop]
You did great today.
I can't wait for the weekend to get here.
Good night.
Thank you.
Good night to you too, Tae Seop.
See you soon.
- Come in.
- Okay.
- Let me take this call.
- Sure.
Yeah.
What do you mean, casting?
Who told you to go ahead
and pull that off on your own?
It's just a show for the staff.
I'm the wife of a group chairman,
and I can't even sponsor it?
Drop it. I can't go.
Dr. Shin is coming tomorrow.
I've got a ton of stuff to sort out with him.
My head is spinning.
For now, shoot me the location.
Yeah, okay, I'll send it.
So the thing is,
- I have a small favor to run by you.
- Of course, what is it?
I'll send you the address,
so could you deliver
a flower basket there tomorrow?
It's an important performance,
but I can't make it.
Also,
take this card with you.
Got it.
No need to stay for the performance.
Just drop off the flowers.
Of course, no problem.
Also, I'm planning
to have a guest over tomorrow night
to share a meal.
How many guests?
Just one.
He'll be here around 7 p.m., and for the menu,
something Western that pairs well with wine.
I'll leave it to you.
Absolutely, everything will be set
the moment your guest walks in.
He'll also be spending the night.
Make sure discretion is a top priority.
Absolutely, I'll see to it.
Should I have bought two?
Think it'll be enough?
It's not like Tae Seop is
some big eater or spender.
You sure he has no desires?
Did we come to the wrong place?
Wet wipes.
Hydrogen peroxide. Band-aids.
Are you going to boot camp?
Blanket.
This is for a date, right?
Anything could come up when you're out,
so it makes sense to have these on hand.
Sua, put that down,
wash your hands, and come eat pizza.
Sure.
I've never seen anyone
prepare this hard for a date.
Is this anxiety or straight-up insanity?
It's pure anticipation.
Dad!
Look at this!
A timetable.
[Dinner, Coffee Time, Movie, Drive Home]
This isn't a dream, right?
Never believed anyone like this
was real until now.
Hey Sua,
once you finish eating,
mind helping me choose what to wear?
Okay.
Sua, I'm cooler than him, aren't I?
No, he wins by a mile.
That hurts!
I thought I was dreaming.
Look at this.
Seung Jun.
Don't you think it's boiling in here?
That's just proof
that we worked hard today.
I mean, that's not the point.
Pretty sure the air conditioning is dead.
What are you talking about?
They literally just repaired it.
Wait, seriously?
Not a single bit of cool air. Nothing.
See? Told you.
This piece of junk...
The repair bills alone
cost more than a new one.
Oh, hello?
Oh, hi, Hyun Min.
My schedule freed up early,
which means I could see you
earlier than planned.
Right,
but our gym's AC just broke down
and it's chaos here,
so I don't think I can step away right now.
Gosh.
Isn't it like a furnace in there
without air conditioning?
Absolutely, we're practically
in a hot spring right now
and honestly I might pass out from the heat.
Give me a minute to handle this,
then I'll reach out again.
- Okay.
- I'm really sorry.
No worries at all.
You're hot, right?
I'm so sorry.
Sorry about this.
Take this towel, please.
Apologies, you must be melting.
- Grab a towel.
- Unbearable, right?
Right now it's like military training in here.
- I'm so sorry.
- My clothes are drenched all the way through.
I apologize.
Please take it easy, it's risky in this heat.
Your memberships will be extended on us.
Sorry about this.
Let's cool you down.
Hyun Min.
You must be hot. Here, have one of these.
Right.
What flavor can I get you?
Thank you.
Wait a sec.
I feel like I've seen you before.
Are you okay?
Don't I know you from somewhere?
I'm sorry.
- Don't worry about your membership.
- Well...
Can't say I recognize you.
You're quite the smooth talker.
Oh, I didn't mean that.
Seriously,
you're sweating way too much.
Let me get you
some extra towels.
Right, thanks.
I'll head out first.
Yeah, good work today.
[Closed for weekend AC repairs]
Get some rest, Seung Jun.
Will do.
He puts his heart into everything.
Here.
Appreciate you coming by today.
But how did you know to come?
Your shirt has it plastered across the front.
Deukgeun Deukgeun Gym.
That whole stripping moment is
burned into my brain.
Pervert.
You like this pervert, though.
Wait, is that one strawberry?
Let me try a taste.
It's still a date, so...
Go with something colorful?
No.
Looking like I put in
too much effort would be...
Such an amateur thing.
Maybe a dress?
A dress?
How about jeans?
Perfect.
I look casual and cute.
Thank you.
- Have a wonderful time.
- Thanks.
Hello.
- Have a wonderful time.
- Thanks.
- Hello.
Would it be possible
to pass these flowers along?
[Coat Check]
Absolutely. Leave them with me,
I'll make sure
they get there once the curtain falls.
And who should I bring them to?
Hang on one second.
[To Ji Su, congrats on the show. Need to talk]
[I'm at The Hills Seoul. Come see me.
From Son Jeong A]
Ji Su?
Oh, you mean Shin Ji Su?
Yes, Shin Ji Su.
Oh, got it.
- Thank you.
Hello, let me check your ticket.
Have a wonderful time.
- Thanks.
Thank you.
[The Seagull]
Wait, Son Jeong A and Shin Ji Su
are actually connected?
Could it be...
[The queen's long list of men]
Sources claim she's living
with surgeon A,
a former affair turned domestic partner,
while also seeing director B
secretly at a high-end hotel,
and financially supporting model C
on top of all that.
[She bankrolled Model C]
[With her long history of flings,
this scandal is just the beginning]
Ui Yeong.
New hairstyle?
Where are your glasses?
I put in a little effort.
It's our first date.
I should've dressed up more.
You're looking beautiful,
same as every other day.
Same as every day?
Ready to grab some food?
There's a place I found
that's just around the corner.
A Michelin one-star chef just launched it.
[Shut for the day, apologies for any trouble]
It's closed?
[This is Firenze. We sincerely apologize
to all our scheduled guests]
Oh, it's closed...
I actually have a backup plan, just in case.
It's a five-minute walk from here.
No reservation, but we're early enough that
there probably won't be a wait.
Lee Hui Jin.
Is Lee Hui Jin here?
Please come in.
Standing through this entire line might mean
we end up late for the film.
Well, in that case...
Tae Seop.
The vibe isn't anything special,
but I know a spot near here with amazing food.
Should we head there instead?
- Yeah, sounds good.
- Okay.
Right.
What?
- Does this rock back and forth a bit?
- A little.
- It's hot.
- Thank you.
- Be careful.
- Thanks.
Move to that side if it bothers you.
I'm good right here.
Being here with you is so strange.
Since our vendors are in the area,
this place has always been
a work lunch spot for me.
I see.
It looks delicious.
If you do it like this,
you save the roof of your mouth
and you can eat faster too.
Got it.
Thanks.
Go ahead, dig in.
- Seriously, this is incredible.
- Right?
What a relief.
It's good.
That was a great meal.
Stay seated for a second.
- All done.
Those are some serious skills.
Just a quick fix.
That was totally something.
What got you into building furniture?
We went through a period
where our house had no kitchen table.
Our family hit hard times out of nowhere.
After that, so much just slowly faded away.
Sitting down for dinner stopped happening,
nobody talked anymore,
and being around each other
became uncomfortable.
That's when it hit me
that furniture is more than just objects.
Seeing it through that lens
made it matter so much more.
Making a real difference
felt like the right path.
That whole twenties idealism, you know?
I see.
After I started the company,
all I did was work myself to the bone.
What were your twenties like?
With a personality like yours,
you probably had tons of friends.
Not really, actually.
Growing up without much to spare meant
all I could focus on was my own survival.
Hiding behind my own hardships,
I just assumed
everyone else could tough it out too.
So you had those days as well.
There aren't a lot of good memories
from back then.
Not a single vacation, ever.
And as for romance, I kept my guard up,
telling myself the timing was wrong.
That's alright.
You can do
all the things you missed out on now.
Exactly.
Which is why I'm really happy
with how things are these days.
I'm glad I met you now.
The whole idea of love...
it's so unpredictable.
Even so,
I'm ready to take that leap of faith again.
Why are you crying?
Are you sad?
It's not that, I just...
- My eyes...
- Do your eyes hurt?
Come on, let's step out for now.
Are you okay?
Since I barely ever put contacts in,
I think something got stuck. Kind of burns.
That doesn't seem minor at all.
They're super bloodshot.
Turn this way.
What?
Face me.
Leaving the lenses in is a bad idea.
Get them out as fast as you can.
Feeling any better?
Are they out? How's it now?
- Way better already.
- Yeah.
Want to head back inside?
Back in there?
Your vision's basically gone at this point.
We can catch the film later.
Right now, let's just get you home.
No.
I can't do that.
We have to watch a movie this time.
With your eyes in that condition, though...
Then...
How about we watch something at my apartment?
Your apartment?
Oh, I mean,
I'm not suggesting anything weird.
Putting things off again
just isn't something I want to do.
Then should we grab some popcorn too?
Sure.
Right.
Grab my arm and stay right behind me.
Got it.
Yeah.
The designated driver will be here soon.
I'm sorry.
Got my license and everything,
just never been behind the wheel.
No worries.
I love this song.
Same here.
Really?
Bravo!
You were amazing!
- Nice work tonight.
- You too.
- Stop standing around and get out here.
- Good work.
- Good job.
- Nice work.
Ji Su.
Someone sent you flowers.
Make sure you grab them.
Thanks.
Congrats on the show.
I have something important to tell you.
I'm at The Hills Seoul, so come see me.
Excuse me, Shin Ji Su.
I'm reporter Kim Ji Young from Dailing.
You're the model C
from the Son Jeong A rumors, correct?
How exactly do you know Son Jeong A?
There's no relationship.
Stay away from me from now on.
Our sources say
the largest backer of the theater company
turns out to be the Seungbo Group.
Apparently Son Jeong A and the chairman's wife
are very close.
Did you know about that?
Particularly in arts and culture,
her involvement reportedly
goes well beyond just advice.
What?
Did the two of you
have some sort of deal
tied to the theater's sponsorship money?
Give me two months and it's finished.
Hey!
Ji Su, what's wrong?
Are you out of your mind?
That whole thing today was planned
to get me onstage, wasn't it?
Yeah, that's called deliberate.
Nobody buys it as luck.
You're twisting my words.
My paychecks, my meals, all of it
came from Son Jeong A's pocket!
Is this really how you treat me?
The chairman's wife at Seungbo Group
backs us because she believes in what we do.
Believes in us?
Who throws money at a theater company
that doesn't turn a profit
and can't be bothered to show up
for one performance?
Cut the crap with your oversized ego already.
It's not about your paycheck.
It's our theater rent, the crew's wages,
food, costumes, props.
Every last one of us
has staked our lives on this,
so if there's a chance to move up, we take it.
The place you treat like some bunker to hide in
is the stage we've been dying to stand on.
Keep straddling the fence like that
and you might as well walk away for good.
Fine. I'm out.
Hey, what are you doing?
I said I'm done.
You can't just say you're quitting.
I'm going to the hotel now.
Give me a sec, I need to grab my glasses.
Just relax on the sofa.
Sure.
This place is spotless.
[Dinner, Coffee Time, Movie, Drive Home]
So every single detail was mapped in advance?
Thing is,
not a single thing followed the script...
Yeah, not a single thing.
Even so,
I had an amazing time.
Feel free to look around if you're bored.
Oh, sure.
Oh, wait.
For drinks,
what would you like?
Water, sparkling water, soda, or green tea?
Actually... Just water!
Ice cold!
Need to snap out of it...
What kind of movies do you like?
Honestly, I'll watch
just about anything as long as it's not scary.
Horror's off the table for you?
My heart literally
can't take that kind of stress.
Are you into horror films?
I just watch them.
Growing up, my father always said
ghosts aren't the ones to worry about.
Once he told me humans are the real threat,
nothing on screen could rattle me.
Those are words to live by.
People say this one's great.
[Single in Seoul]
This one?
Yeah.
Then,
should I turn off the lights?
Sure.
Hotel work really takes a toll on your hands.
Make sure you keep them moisturized.
If there's one thing a hotel never runs out of,
it's lotion.
What a hidden gem
of a name.
Well...
Ui Yeong...
Yes?
There's something I want to say.
- Oh, son.
- Mother.
Oh my goodness.
Are you okay?
You're not hurt, are you?
Oh my. Goodness.
I'm sorry.
No, it's okay.
Nice to meet you. Hello.
What?
My regular girl?
Oh, it's you.
He was right.
Humans really are the scariest of all.
[What's done is done, spilled and all]
[A once-in-a-lifetime mission!]
[I keep stepping in]
[Glad we met now]
[What you mean to me]
[Shall I turn off the lights?]
Dating isn't what it used to be.
In your twenties, all you needed
was the two of you being adorable...
Unbelievable.
It's bugging me.
Unless you're faking your reading
just to steal glances at me,
how come you haven't gotten past
the first page?
Your mother wants to know
if you and Ui Yeong are working out.
When that story runs,
everyone's going to start asking about you.
Reporters will come looking for you everywhere.
Go study abroad.
I don't know much,
but I hope you hold on to what you love.
I want to try
being in love with you.